Fix Service Binding doc (#1558)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: docs/user/05-60-kyma-bindings.md

> [!NOTE]
> You can find all endpoints in the KEB [Swagger Documentation](https://kyma-env-broker.cp.stage.kyma.cloud.sap/#/Bindings).

> # Kyma Bindings API Request Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Kyma Bindings API Request Examples
```

Author: Suggestion applied.

> ## Create a Service Binding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create a Service Binding
```

Author: Suggestion applied.

To create a binding, use a PUT request to KEB API:

```
PUT http://localhost:8080/oauth/v2/service_instances/{{instance_id}}/service_bindings/{{binding_id}}
Content-Type: application/json
X-Broker-API-Version: 2.14

{
  "service_id": "{{service_id}}",
  "plan_id": "{{plan_id}}",
  "parameters": {
    "expiration_seconds": 660
  }
}
```

> If a binding is successfully created, the endpoint returns the `201 Created` if the current request created it or the `200 OK` status code if it already existed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a binding is successfully created, the endpoint returns one of the following responses: 
* `201 Created` if the current request created the binding.
* `200 OK` if the binding already existed.
```

Author: Suggestion applied.

> ## Fetch a Service Binding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fetch a Service Binding
```

Author: Suggestion applied.

To fetch a binding, use a GET request to KEB API:

```
GET http://localhost:8080/oauth/v2/service_instances/{{instance_id}}/service_bindings/{{binding_id}}
X-Broker-API-Version: 2.14
```

KEB returns the `200 OK` status code with the kubeconfig in the response body. If the binding or the instance does not exist, or if the instance is suspended, KEB returns the `404 Not Found` status code.

All HTTP codes are based on the [OSB API specification](https://github.com/openservicebrokerapi/servicebroker/blob/master/spec.md#fetching-a-service-binding).

> ## Remove a Service Binding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Remove a Service Binding
```

Author: Suggestion applied.

> After unmarshaling, the data is validated against the allowed parameter values, which includes checks of the expiration value range, database record existence, parameter mutations verification, expiration of existing bindings, and binding number limits. 

Author: Suggestion applied.

The first check verifies the expiration value. The minimum and maximum limits are configurable and, by default, set to 600 and 7200 seconds, respectively. 
Next, KEB checks the status of the instance. The instance must be provisioned for the binding creation. 

> After checking the instance, KEB checks if the binding already exists. The binding in the database is identified by the Kyma instance ID and the binding ID, which are passed as a path query parameter. If the binding exists, KEB checks the mutation of the parameters of the existing binding. 

Reviewer 2: On the diagram if the service binding (the pair `{service binding, service instance}`) already exists but with the different parameters we continue. The logic is reversed.

> After checking the instance, KEB checks if the binding already exists. The binding in the database is identified by the Kyma instance ID and the binding ID, which are passed as a path query parameter. If the binding exists, KEB checks the mutation of the parameters of the existing binding. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After checking the instance, KEB checks if the binding already exists. The binding in the database is identified by the Kyma instance ID and the binding ID, which are passed as a path query parameter. If the binding exists, KEB checks the values of the parameters of the existing binding. 
```

Author: Suggestion applied.

The OSB API requires a request to create a binding to fail if an object has already been created and the request contains different parameters. 

> If the found binding is not expired, KEB returns it in the response. If the found binding is expired and exists in the database, KEB responds with an error and Bad Request status.

Author: Suggestion applied.

This check is done in an implicit database insert statement. The query fails for expired but existing bindings because the primary key is defined on the instance and binding IDs, not the expiration date. This is the case until the cleanup job removes the expired binding from the database. 
If the binding does not exist, the flow returns to the process's execution path, where no bindings exist in the database. 
Whether the binding exists or not, the last step in the request validation is to verify the number of bindings. 
Every instance is allowed to create a limited number of active bindings. The limit is configurable and, by default, set to 10 non-expired bindings. 
If the limit is not exceeded and the binding does not exist in the database, KEB proceeds to the next phase of the process - binding creation.   

### Binding Creation

In the binding creation phase, KEB creates a service binding object and generates a kubeconfig file with a JWT token. The kubeconfig file is valid for a specified period, defaulted or set in the request body. 

> [!NOTE]

> >  Expired bindings do not count towards the bindings limit. However, they prevent creating new bindings with the same ID until they exist in the database. Only after they are removed by the cleanup job or manually can the binding be recreated again.

Author: Suggestion applied.
